# genshin-data-manager

This python script allows you to download and manage Genshin Impact's game data in your PC

## Prerequisities

- Any working device (either Windows or Linux; not sure with Mac)
- 20 GB++ of empty space in your storage drive (both on your host and your phone)
- Python 3.x+ (tested on Python 3.10)
- android-platform-tools (adb)
- aria2c

Please do your own research on how to install those prerequisities, as I do not cover them in this README.

## How to use

- Clone this repository using one of the following methods:
  - `git clone https://github.com/Loominagit/genshin-data-manager`,
  - or [download the source directly from here](https://github.com/Loominagit/genshin-data-manager/archive/refs/heads/master.zip) and extract it somewhere.
- `cd genshin-data-manager` and run `python3 main.py`. Don't forget to follow the instructions!

## FAQ

Q: How did you found out the server link?

A: I know I'll get this kind of question. The thing is, I accidentally revealed the server link from the download output that's generated by Genshin when a download error occurred.



Q: Why is the script so poorly written?

A: It's because I'm still bad at scripting in Python. If you want to improve the script's performance, you can make a good pull request, so I can merge it into the main repo!

## TODO

- [x] Working downloader
- [x] Continuable download
- [x] Fix download speed (use aria2c)
- [x] Ability to move game data into your phone
- [ ] Android support
- [ ] Ability to download different language pack
- [ ] In-place game files update
- [ ] Possibly PC support...???